Pre-Trimmer custom step host initial steps (#21623)
xamarin/xamarin-macios: tools/PreTrimmer/README.md

# PreTrimmer

> This tool is meant to replace for illink custom steps. This tool will make modifications to assemblies, generate illink descriptors, and perform any other actions required to prepare assemblies for illink.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool is meant to be a replacement for ILLink custom steps. This tool will make modifications to assemblies, generate trimming descriptors, and perform any other actions required to prepare assemblies for trimming.
```
